His Excellency the Governor
Why are you here?
What are you doing here?
Here's a migrant worker.
He actually dared to impersonate Lord Jianzun, the owner of Kowloon Shop
I'm bringing someone to arrest
What? How dare someone impersonate Sword Lord?
Yes, yes, yes, it's a sin that deserves death
I'll take someone back for a strict interrogation right away
Arrest people quickly
Wait a minute
What's the matter, Governor?
Who is Mr. Li?
Governor, we have many Mr. Lee here
I don't know which one you are talking about.
The wedding ceremony is held here today
The groom
Well, that's me.
Is it my wedding to Miss Tang?
Yes
Governor Zhang Yongchang of Yuncheng meets Mr. Li
I wish Mr. Li and Miss Tang the wedding
A hundred years to close your
Behind the Governor's Palace
Mr. Li is happy with his wedding
Special preparation worth 1 billion a pair of ancient white jade mandarin ducks
Value 100 million Cloud City Limited Edition Villa Mobile
Please accept it with a smile, Mr. Li.
Oops
Thank you, Governor. Thank you. That's very kind of you
Hahaha